hi in this tutorial I'm going to show
you how to use Ajax with the.net MVC
framework so what you'll see is
something like this I will have a bunch
of radio buttons with a user associated
when I click them the updates are
displayed at the bottom you notice the
timestamp here shows that every time I
click there is maybe a second or two of
elapsed time however the main part of
the page here is not updated and so
that's the magic of Ajax is that you can
do partial page updates and so that's
what we're going to see right ahead
[Music]
you
so in this tutorial we're going to
create two different versions of this
application we're going to create the
version where you have to create the
button that says display results and the
entire page will refresh and then in the
second part of the tutorial will create
the Ajax version and so you can see the
distinction between the two so let's get
started coding so I'm working with
Visual Studio 2019 I'm going to choose a
dotnet framework ASP web application so
I'm going to name my project something
like customers with Ajax in it so you
can see what the demo is about the
dotnet framework is for 72 for my
project I'm going to choose empty select
the MVC folder no authentication and
click create the first part of the
application is to create an object or a
model so let's go into the models folder
right-click and add a new one so the
object I'm going to work with is called
customer so we'll choose code class and
name it customer each customer is going
to have three properties we'll give it
an ID number a name and their age so an
INT a string and an integer next let's
create a constructor so I'll right click
and choose the quick shortcuts and then
create a constructor with all of the
properties so we're done with the
customers model for now let's go ahead
and close it and save it the next part
of this process is to create a
controller so let's go into the
controllers and add a new one so right
click add a new controller
let's choose empty and add I will call
it customer controller so in this
controller I'm going to get some data
that we can display on the app usually
we would get it from a database and
insert it here but to cut the tutorial
down to size let's just do hard coding
so in this controller I want to open up
a view called customer so I'll put
inside of the view parentheses the word
customer now let's go ahead and create
that customer view so we'll right click
inside the code and choose add view so
I'm going to name it customer and not
associate any model with it yet and then
we'll uncheck the layout page now in
this application I'm going to use a
layout
and have a header a body and the
customer details so let's create a new
layout so in order to do that I'm going
into the views folder and I'm going to
add a new folder let's call the folder
named shared in the shared folder I'm
going to right click and choose add a
view I'm going to name it underscore
layout and so this will be the defining
page for all of the parts of our app so
I'm going to change three things about
this layout first of all we'll change
the title so it'll get the page title
value so at page title then inside of
the body we're going to render two
things we will render the header of the
page which hasn't been created yet but
we will soon make it and then we will
render the body so the next piece I want
to create is that header so let's
right-click on the shared folder choose
the new view well choose a partial page
and we'll name an underscore header when
we click OK we will get a blank page so
for the header we're going to need a
welcome message so put something on
there that says welcome to the customer
Ajax example or something similar and
then in the second line I want to
display the current time when this page
was rendered and so I'll just simply say
the current time is and I'm going to use
a razor syntax here to say at date/time
dot now and so that will change every
time the browser is refreshed the next
part of my application is going to be
the customers details section so this is
the part of the page that shows as the
gray box so I'm going to create this
page and call it customers detail using
the underscore since it's a partial page
I'm going to include the model for the
customer and make sure that's just in an
empty data format now I'm going to also
select that I'm going to create it as a
partial view and I'm going to use the
script libraries and so this is the part
that will happen in the Ajax routine
this will be updated only this partial
page so what I want to display in the
customer details is the name of the
person and their age so the helper that
I'm going to search for is
HTML dot display name for so we're going
to get the name and then that's that's
going to be the the display name plus
I'm going to show the actual value so
display for and then use the arrow
function to show the actual value of the
name and I'll put in a line break the
other part of the person's identity I
would like to show is their age so we'll
copy and paste the line and then change
name to age for each of them lastly I
would like to show that this is updated
at a specific time because this partial
page will be updated while the main page
is not updated and so comparing the two
timestamps will be instructive in just a
few minutes so that should be enough
information to display the details of
the customer let's move back to the
controller now so next I'm going to
define some data for my application
first of all I need to get the customer
object in the customer models so I'll
type in the word customer which is the
name of my model and then the word
customer in lower case I have to include
the using statement so that I can get to
the models now the customer model we
define just a few minutes ago in this
file here called customer so I'm going
to keep track of two pieces of data not
only a single customer but also an
entire list of them so I will name the
second variable as customers with a
plural so now down in the index function
let's define the customers list so we'll
create it as a new list of type customer
it's an empty list next I would like to
add a customer to the list so remember
this would usually come from a database
here we're going to code them
individually so inside the add function
let's put in a new customer so I'll just
define a new customer with a constructor
so this customer is ID 0 her name is
Sheri and she's 37 years old so let's
copy and paste the first line and then
duplicate it maybe six times then for
each of those let's change the ID number
to something unique so I'll just go one
through six and then let's make up a new
name for each person so you can choose
any name you like I'm going to pick
Sheri Tim Charlene Dan
and dayne I guess it is and Elijah
Howard and Dave and then make up an age
for each of them so we just need some
data that's somewhat unique for each
person so I apologize but I'm gonna
change my mind I'm going to take all
this data and instantiate it inside a
constructor so let's right-click in the
code here and create a new constructor
with no parameters so just a basic
constructor and then I'm going to copy
or cut and paste all of the data that I
just created
into the controller next I'm going to
save two pieces of data together I want
to save the entire list and I want to
save a single customer so a good data
structure for this is called a tuple so
a temple might be new to you it's
basically just a pair of items so like
an ordered pair so I want to define my
tuple as a list followed by a single
item so it's a list of customers and
then I want to make a single customer so
that will be my tuple the reason why I'm
creating this is I want to send this to
my form or to my view as two separate
pieces of data so to define this
specific tuple I'm going to create a new
tuple and the same format when the list
is the first item and then the single
customer is the second item so for the
first time I display the items I want to
display the entire list and then I'm
going to select the first one or item 0
as the selected item so this tuple will
contain two items a full list and a
single customer so now when I get to
line 42 in my code I'm going to add
tuple as the parameter that's being sent
to the view so the first thing you do in
a view is define what kind of data is on
it that's the model statement and so I
will define the group that's it's being
expected so it's a tupple which is the
list of customers and then followed by a
single customer that's what I just
defined in the controller just a minute
ago now you notice it does not allow me
just to use the word customer here it is
not included yet in this file so on the
first line I'm going to include the
statement at using and then the project
name which has customers Ajax dot and
select models and so now the customer
object resolves itself
here in the code let's also define this
layout so inside of the predefined @
symbol area layout equals and will point
to the folder called shared and layout
is the file the first thing I want to
define on my page is a form so I'll use
at using and then HTML dot begin form
will fill in the details of what kind of
action is related to the form in a few
minutes if you've looked at other forms
that are generated in dotnet MVC you'll
see this item called the anti forgery
token and so this is a security measure
that you should include on every one of
your forms and it automatically ensures
that no codes are intercepted between an
code input from a form and that and the
controller behind it now we're going to
display every item of our user list on
the page and the button is either going
to be selected or not selected by
default we will set a variable called
selected to be equal to false so next I
want to cycle through each item in my
model so I'll use a for each loop and
I'll save our customer in model when I
put a dot you can see that there are two
different items item one and item two
that's because up on line two we defined
our model as a tuple that has two things
in it so the first item is a list so
I'll use for each item in item one so
for the items that we're going to
display I'm going to show a radio button
so we'll use dot HTML dot radio button
the value of the radio button will call
it as customer number and we will
associate the customers ID with it this
will come important again when we
process the form we're gonna need to
know this field name and for default I'm
going to have this not selected so
that's what the false means not selected
so the second thing I want to display
after the radio button is the customers
name so we'll create a label and we'll
print customer name now I want to
conditionally set this form to have this
button selected or not selected so we'll
check to see if the index of this
customer item is equal to zero we'll
change it to select it equals true
finally we need to create a submit
button at the bottom of the page so
we'll do an input type equals submit
give it an ID such as submit button and
the value will be what's displayed on
the button so we'll call it display
details so it's now time to test this
out let's run the app now any
application errors that you see were
totally planned we wanted to make sure
that you have the opportunity to
troubleshoot if we create some errors so
I launched the application and I
navigate to where my route is expected
to be so that's the word slash customer
after the address and let's see what
happens so we've got some errors just as
I promised let's take a look here and it
says I could not find the layout called
shared layout and I went and I looked in
this path called till the views customer
okay so we can see right now that I
named the layout incorrectly so let's go
fix that so the view that I'm looking at
here is in the customer view let's go
check out the cut of the code here so
the layout could not be found well I
made two mistakes here first of all I
need to tell it which directory it's in
so let's do a tilde slash views I think
it's called views with an S shared and I
think I have to put in the file
extension as well so Sh HTML we'll save
that so this time when I run the
application it looks like I have
displayed the items correctly so I have
the header and I have this item here
which is all the people in the list so
congratulations now the next part that
we have to put in is the details item
down here we have not included that yet
and so the details will show the item
that is selected so for instance if I
select Tim I should see Tim's name and
age printed at the bottom of the form so
but this video is getting a little long
so we'll take care of the details at the
bottom of the page in the next video hey
welcome back to another video for our
Ajax example in this next video we're
going to add some functionality to part
two of our application so if you haven't
seen part one check it out
otherwise we'll continue on to add a
ajax element to this page
you
[Music]
so the Ajax element that we're going to
put is at the bottom here below the
button called display results so down
here at the bottom we're going to update
some of the user information so we'll
show the user name and we will also show
their age so let's jump right in here to
the customer file and we're going to add
some stuff at the bottom so what we're
about to add here is a partial view down
at the bottom we want to include the
customer information and so it will be a
customer details section now we also
need to pass some data to this and as
you recall our model has two parts to it
part one is the list of customers and
part two is the currently selected
customer so we're going to pass to part
two to it so for the HTML code I'm going
to enclose this in a div tag because we
want to reference this specifically on
the page as a separate item then inside
of there I'm going to tell the HTML
helper to create a partial insert so
we'll create a partial view and then the
last part is going to be the two
different parameters so the first
parameter will be the view name and then
the second part will be the data that we
want to display on that view and since
we want to have one single customer
displayed here the second part of our
model is what we'll select now for the
first parameter I'm going to put in the
name of the view the partial view is
called customer details and I put in the
file extension also I would want to make
sure that I put in the pathway so that
way the layout can find this file so
let's put in views slash shared as our
previous parts of the pathway lastly I
want to make sure that the div has a
class name this will be for two purposes
first of all we can use some CSS
formatting to make this thing stand out
as a different part of the page and just
as important Ajax is going to require
that this section of the page be
identified with a unique number this
time when we run the page you notice the
customer details at the bottom so the
first item in the list is sherry and her
age is 37 also it tells me when this
part of the page was updated so we've
got ourselves the partial view and we've
got the header and the main body now all
we have to do is create some click
events to make this happen and update
the detail
at the bottom of the page now if you're
very astute viewer you will see there's
an error on my page you can see that
sherry is the selected customer but in
my list
sherry does not have this selected
bullet item for her radio so why doesn't
my code display what I said was selected
let's go find out so let's begin back in
the controller and you can see that I am
sending to my view two items I am
sending the list of customers and that
I'm telling it that I want customer zero
to be the selected item so why doesn't
it display that way well let's go look
in the customer item here and see this
loop so the selection process happens
here on lines 15 through 19 it says if
the first item is item zero then set the
selected to true well the first item is
selected and it is zero however the
second time through the loop selected is
still true and so I forgot to put in an
else statement
so the first fix for my error is I'm
going to put an else selected equals
false let's see what that does and now
when I run the application you can see
that sherry is selected here with a
radio button that's very good I'm going
to make another change and you will see
that we'll even have a better program
let's go back to the controller now this
time let's say I want Adam to to be
selected so that would actually be the
third item in the list which should be
Charlene okay let's see if Charlene
shows up a selected item so I run the
application and you can see that the
customer details shows Charlene 98 she
is selected
however sherry is still the one with the
red or the bullet item on it
so why didn't Charlene get it well let's
go fix that so the problem now lies in
this line here in line 16 it says I will
always select item zero to be the first
one with a bullet on the radio button so
let's delete the line that I just said
with a problem and let's recode it so
I'm going to now ask if item two in the
list is the same one that's in the
current loop called customer if those
match then we'll set the bullet or the
radio button to be true so now you can
see I finally got it right
so Charlene is selected and the
controller said well it's light up the
button for Charlene and let's display
her details now in the next part here I
want to be able to click this item and
it will bring us to a new updated form
as you can see right now it goes back to
the customer controller and the
controller then resets the selected item
to Charlene every time and keeps showing
Charlene down here so we want to return
a number to the controller when we
choose display details and then that
will update the display but let's save
that for the next video coming right up
hey welcome we're in the middle of an
AJAX demonstration and we're about ready
to create this display details button
right now if I click my project and I
choose display details nothing changes
however that will all change in just a
minute
[Music]
you
so to accomplish the goals for this
video we are going to have to create a
method that will respond to the display
details so let's go fix that now to
control where a method goes after the
click is done we need to go to the first
line of the form called begin form and
this is where we will change the
direction of the form input so there are
two parameters that we need to add to
the begin form idea so the first
parameter is the action that will be
called at the controller and so I'll
invent a name it's called unselect
customer the second parameter is the
actual name of the controller and so we
have a customer controller and I only
need to put the word customer here now
when I run this this will probably break
because we don't have an actual event
for unselect customer so I have the
customer items listed again now let's
select somebody like you Liza and then
display details and sure enough the
application broke and it says here I
could not get to this link here on
select customer so we haven't created it
yet so that's why it didn't work let's
go fix that so to respond to a form
insert or form submit event we need to
come back into the controller so the
controller has an action that we can
just copy and paste so let's do that and
rename it so from the customer form I
told it was expecting to see on select
customer as the name of an action and so
we'll just rename it as that the rest of
the code is identical as you can see the
same data is sent back to the form so
this would actually give you the exact
same result as the original action
what's going to be different well we are
going to expect to find out which item
was selected and then changed that in
the return so the key item here is on
line 45 so when we do unselect customer
we are expecting to get some data back
from the forum and the item that we're
looking for is called customer number
now where did that come from well the
word customer number comes from the
customer forum or the view and you can
see that the radio button has the ID
number of the guy that or the girl
that's selected and
has the label that goes with it or the
value name so customer number is what
I'm thinking about so I'm gonna copy
this and I'm going back into the
controller and replace this one here
because I had forgotten to put in a
capital C so that's very important that
you match those names exactly so now I
have a customer number and it comes in
the form of a string we need to change
this so now instead of selecting item
two each time I'm going to send it back
the customer number so I'll just put
customer number inside the square
brackets and everything will work fine
right it doesn't look like it there's a
problem
what's it say there it says I'm
expecting an integer for an index of a
list item well of course we need an
integer and customer number is really a
string well it comes in the form of a
string but let's convert it into an
integer so in c-sharp one of the methods
that you can use to convert from a
string to an integer is the int 32 dot
parse so if you indeed send a number in
the form of a string this will work if
you send something besides a number of
course this will crash the program but
this should work because of our
well-formed view that we just created so
it looks like the application still runs
now let's go ahead and select somebody
like Tim and choose display results so
now the entire form is updated you can
see that they time down here at the
bottom is different than it was just a
second ago every time I click somebody
and choose display results the form
refreshes and we get Howard in age 64 at
the bottom so that takes us to a non
Ajax example we haven't gotten to the
partial page updates yet but we at least
have our form working so that we can
select somebody and then we get a return
value that comes back to the details of
the customer so in the next part we're
going to change this so that this date
time stamp up at the beginning will
always remain the same in other words
the page will not refresh but every time
we update we will see the bottom section
will indeed refresh because we are only
displaying the differences that need to
be rendered not the entire page so
that's the magic of Ajax
so
let's come up with that just in a moment
here hey welcome we're in the middle of
an AJAX demonstration and we're about
ready to create this display details
button
[Music]
you
so before we start programming in Ajax
we need to make sure that we have the
right files installed on our system so
let's go check out our dependencies
using new get so the keyword that we're
looking for is called jQuery unobtrusive
so I'm going to search for the word
unobtrusive and make sure that it's
installed so it does say here that it is
installed just in case it's not working
I'm going to uninstall it and then
reinstall it so I'm just verifying that
this is here so let's select the Ajax
jQuery unobtrusive and choose install
using the latest okay so that seems to
be verified I can close NuGet so next
let's switch over into the layout file
and add some dependencies or some
scripts at the top of our page so let's
jump into the scripts folder as well and
expand to see what we have installed
well you can see that the unobtrusive
Ajax is here so I'm gonna just drag this
into the header area and it will
automatically include a script we are
also going to need the jQuery plug-in as
well so let's go to the latest that I
have installed so just dragging them in
gives us these two imports now let's go
back into the customer view and let's
make some modifications so this is the
non Ajax view I'm going to modify this
so let's make a copy of what I have
created so far and keep it for backups
so I'll right-click copy and then paste
so that I have a backup so I'll rename
my project file here as customer no Ajax
so it's obvious of what this thing does
at the very top of the page I'm going to
add a new reference to something called
Ajax
options and so Ajax options is a class
that's built in here and we're going to
put some references in here to allow us
to figure out what we want to do with it
so the first option for Ajax is to
handle the form request is it going to
be a get or a post well I'm just going
to choose post and then the next item is
called the insertion mode so what is an
insert
should mode well we are going to update
a partial page and we can do several
things with it we can add to the page or
we can replace what's already there and
so what I'm looking for for my option is
called the replace the last option for
Ajax options is going to be to tell it
which part of the page is going to be
partially replaced and so at the very
bottom of the page where we have
customer info this is why I created a
div with an ID tag on it so the item
that we're looking for is called update
target ID and we have to have letter for
letter exactness to make sure that this
is working so customer info is the name
of my ID at the bottom of the page now
the next item that I'm going to upgrade
here is line 14 so instead of doing an
HTML for begin form we're going to say
Ajax begin form and so this will look
for an ajax request instead of a full
form submit now you can see that it's
expecting me to do something else in
this form now and the third thing that
it's missing are the ajax options so the
the object that I just defined and the
previous lines will include here on the
Ajax method okay so you think the
application is ready to go not quite
it's pretty close but I've made several
errors and I'm going to show you each
one of them and how to diagnose them so
first of all let's go ahead and pick
somebody so I'm going to select Elijah
and display the results well we've got
kind of what we wanted we have a partial
page update but I get the entire page
again so what happens if I choose Howard
and display well I get Howard selected
below but obviously this isn't quite
what I want so let's return and fix a
few things so the problem is probably
occurring here in the custom controller
customer controller so what I want to
return now in this method is not a full
view I want to return a partial view so
I'm gonna put in the word partial and
sure enough partial view is an option so
the word customer is now the wrong thing
I'm not in updating the entire page
which as you can see what I was getting
earlier I want to just do part of the
page so the part that I'm looking for is
this section here called
customer details well let's go ahead and
update the this item here so let's go
underscore customer details and now this
is gonna break something so we'll be
careful about that also you notice here
that the the method type up here is
should be the word post so let's put an
HTTP POST and that's what the action
should be expecting all right well let's
check this out now so now I'm going to
return a partial view and it's not going
to display the whole page this still
won't work but we'll find out another
error in a second all right the
applications up and running again
let's pick somebody and choose display
results I get nothing what's wrong
there's no errors on the page or are
there let's check it out inside of the
inspection so right-click choose inspect
and then in your console over here
you're looking for something called
network okay so network tells you what's
going on inside of your code let's go
ahead and try this again so I'm going to
select Howard this time and display
results now you can see that the network
tells me that the on select customer has
a status of 500 so 500 error and web
language means the programmer did
something wrong well that's you so let's
fix it we can see the error if I select
here and click it aha
now I see some information that I can
work with so it says we have the wrong
model passed into the this view it says
you sent me this tuple and the partial
view is only expecting a customer now
huh we can fix that
so let's come back down and do here and
notice instead of sending the entire
tuple we want to send just this section
right here which is the last or it's the
customer that's selected so that might
be a lot helpful more helpful so let's
see if that works now so we're going to
head and run it again okay the
application is running here it is drum
roll please let's go with the pic pane
and choose display details hooray
we've got ourselves Dain and the age 24
down at the bottom now is it actually
doing the partial updates so you can see
it at the time that I loaded the page
was 11 to 11 58 seconds and every time I
click display results the time at the
bottom changes but the time at the top
remains the same so that means that this
page down here is partially updated
whenever I click display details and
then the part at the top of the page is
left static what's the advantage well a
smaller page refresh obviously takes
less time and less server traffic and so
that's a great way to make your pages
more efficient if I choose the refresh
for the entire page the time here now
matches the time at the bottom and so
the partial pages here are only working
for this section here so congratulations
you've got ajax working we're going to
do one more video to fix up some things
what I want to do next is that when I
select a dane or Elijah this section
down here automatically updates and the
display details button then becomes
irrelevant also let's do some CSS work
to make this look a lot better that's
coming up in the next video hey welcome
back to the fourth part of our ajax
series with asp.net so far we've got an
application that will update partial
pages in this video I'm going to
automate this so that when I click a
radio button the entire update will
happen without clicking display details
and then we'll go and do some CSS work
to make it look a lot better
[Music]
you
so to accomplish our goal I'm going to
have to create some JavaScript so that
when I select a button like I like
Elijah it will automatically trigger the
event that was associated with this
button and so we'll go in and fix that
right now so I'm here in the customer
views and I want to create a new item so
that way we can reference the action of
this forum so I'm going to put in
something kind of cryptic here I'm going
to add a new parameter to the forum and
say new with curly brackets what that
means is that it's a new element that
will be displayed on the webpage now all
I need to do is give this thing an ID
and it'll be clear in a minute why I'm
giving it an ID so you can invent the
name I'm going to call mine customer for
now just the same down here in the radio
button I'm going to add another
parameter and call it new curly brackets
and I'm going to insert some JavaScript
in here that will cause the form to be
submitted automatically so the
JavaScript that I'm looking for is the
event called unchanged so unchanged
means whenever this value is changed now
notice it has a lowercase C so don't use
a capital C it just won't do anything if
you make it wrong so the JavaScript code
that I'm putting in here is actually
from jQuery so dollar sign parenthesis
is a way to reference an item on the
page following that I'm going to say
what event is associated with this so
I'm going to trigger a submit event so
one button will act as the form submit
now almost forgot that I need to put in
a pound sign because the ID of customer
form is what I'm referencing up here and
in jQuery a pound sign will give you the
ID item all right here we go let's see
what happens now when I clicked Alijah
you notice that Elijah 51 automatically
is updated and so every time I click one
of these guys the update form is
triggered and the partial page of update
is done so this display details button
now becomes irrelevant and we can
comment it out
so we'll comment it out and say this is
not required since we are using the
unchanged event on the radio button so
since that seems to work let's go and
fix the CSS part so the customer layout
here is what I want to do next so let's
click and shared and layout at the top
of the screen we already included some
JavaScript now let's go ahead and add
some CSS so I'm looking for the folder
called content over here and I do not
see it so we need to add the bootstrap
CSS for us so let's go into NuGet so
right click on the customer project and
then choose manage new get objects then
inside of here we will browse search for
bootstrap and I'm going to select the
most current version which shows that
it's four for one right now and we will
install it after it installs we can
close the new get manager and come back
into our code now I have this folder
that I mentioned earlier that was not
there earlier called content so what I'm
looking for is bootstrap min and the CSS
version and let's drag it up into our
header and so we automatically have a
link reference and a style sheet we run
the application again and you can see
right away that all the fonts have
changed now there's a few more things
that will make this look better but we
can see that bootstrap is working let's
go back into the layout item and I'm
going to add a class to the div here
around our body so the word class here
is of course a CSS thing and now I need
to know exactly what I'm looking for in
bootstrap so I'm looking for the word
container and I think it's called
container - body which will give us two
different class names that will format
this correctly so sure enough once I get
the container item around this thing you
can see that it's indented and so the
CSS now shows that it's all done in
bootstrap with the Arial font one more
thing I'd like to set off is that the
customer details section since it is a
special case needs to have maybe a
rectangle around it so let's come back
into layout and I'm going to add one
extra custom style thing so I can either
do an inline like this or I could add a
separate file but I'll do it right here
so inside the style let's go ahead and
add the ID number for this customer info
area so pound sign customer info and
then inside we can tell it what we want
this to be so the style I'd like to have
a border let's do it black and solid and
let's create a smite a slight radius
around the edge so that's a rounded
corner and then give it a background
color of light gray let's say okay let's
get to this style on the screen and see
how it looks
hey there it is we've cut ourselves a
black at the bottom of the page and so
customer details now stands out as
somewhat distinct one more detail maybe
it would be good to is to put some
padding in here and then our apps done
so I'll slip in a line called padding
and five pixels should do and there it
is we've got a complete app we've got
ourselves a Jack's happening in real
time so I put the gray box around here
to emphasize two things one it's good
design so the user can see it but maybe
more important is the emphasis on this
lesson here is that Ajax is meant for
partial page updates and it requires
special handling in your controller so
take a look here and study this because
when you create other applications
you'll be using the exact same process
to update a partial page with Ajax so
thanks for sticking with me for four
parts we're going to continue on with
another tutorial in the next video